README.md, before:

# A journey through UCSF

I joined UCSF in 2020, as part as a research lab in the Radiology and Biomedical Imaging department, focusing on brain research.

Here are some server/ML tips I gathered along the way.

## Terminal tips

### ZSH

### Oh-My-Zsh and p10k

## Server use

### Connection
Set up SSH keys and configure your local computer to easily access servers!
* SSH keys: https://wynton.ucsf.edu/hpc/howto/log-in-without-pwd.html
* Computer setup: `~/.ssh/config`, see [sample file](local_ssh_config).
Then, simply connect via `ssh your_server`, without username or password!

### Install zsh without root access


## Containers
### Docker
#### DockerHub
* Create a repo, e.g. named `my_repo`
* Create an access token ([Settings](https://hub.docker.com/settings/security))
* Login from the command line with `docker login --username my_username`, using the access code given above
* Get image ID of the Docker image to upload: `docker images`
* Tag the image to upload like so: `docker tag my_image_id my_username/my_repo:my_tag` where `my_tag` is a custom tag (e.g. 0.1, 1.0, 2.2, ...)
* Check it was correctly created by running `docker images` again
* Upload image to server with `docker push my_username/my_repo:my_tag`. It should output:
```
The push refers to repository [docker.io/my_username/my_repo]
keylsdn45l4e5: Preparing
...
```

### VS Code and Docker
### Singularity and Docker

Commit message:

add server2server ssh connection tips

README.md, after:

# A journey through UCSF

I joined UCSF in 2020, as part as a research lab in the Radiology and Biomedical Imaging department, focusing on brain research.

Here are some server/ML tips I gathered along the way.

## Terminal tips

### ZSH

### Oh-My-Zsh and p10k

## Server use

### Connection
#### Local desktop to remote
Set up SSH keys and configure your local computer to easily access servers!
* SSH keys: https://wynton.ucsf.edu/hpc/howto/log-in-without-pwd.html
* Computer setup: `~/.ssh/config`, see [sample file](local_ssh_config).
Then, simply connect via `ssh your_server`, without username or password!

#### Intra server connection
If you need to connect from one remote computer to another on the same server (sharing `$HOME`), do the following from the login host:
```sh
# Create a ssh key-pair if not already existing (e.g. `id_rsa`)
ssh-keygen -t rsa

# Add the login host to authorized_hosts where dev1 is one of the host you'd like to connect to.
cat .ssh/id_rsa.pub | ssh dev1 'cat >> .ssh/authorized_keys'
```
There is no need to repeat the same operation for any other hosts!


### Install zsh without root access


## Containers
### Docker
#### DockerHub
* Create a repo, e.g. named `my_repo`
* Create an access token ([Settings](https://hub.docker.com/settings/security))
* Login from the command line with `docker login --username my_username`, using the access code given above
* Get image ID of the Docker image to upload: `docker images`
* Tag the image to upload like so: `docker tag my_image_id my_username/my_repo:my_tag` where `my_tag` is a custom tag (e.g. 0.1, 1.0, 2.2, ...)
* Check it was correctly created by running `docker images` again
* Upload image to server with `docker push my_username/my_repo:my_tag`. It should output:
```
The push refers to repository [docker.io/my_username/my_repo]
keylsdn45l4e5: Preparing
...
```

### VS Code and Docker
### Singularity and Docker
